{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21760\viewh14120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Page 2 the final item in the list:\
has addition HST imaging -> has additional HST imaging \
\
Table 1: \
there is the superscript in red color, 7, without any explanation. \
\
Page 3 the equation (2):\
FWHM(5100) -> FWHM(Hbeta)\
\
Table 3 appeared in the text, earlier than Table 2.\
\
Table 3:\
FWHM(5100) -> FWHM(Hbeta)\
\
Appendix B:\
have large systematic -> have large systematics (or systematic errors?)\
\
Figure 7 caption:	\
Fig. 7 -> Fig. 6\
\
Page 8 the 2nd line:\
If perform -> If we perform\
\
Page 8 the 2nd paragraph:\
here the scatter is intrinsic scatter? or total scatter? (could be better to be more specific?) also, it would be good to provide these values with uncertainty estimates, like other measurements provided.\
\
Page 8 the penultimate paragraph: \
peaking at around 0.5 dex -> you mean 0.3 dex?\
\
Page 8 the last paragraph: \
negative tail to be suppressed by our selection function -> due to the Lbol cut, right?  (um, but, at the same time, there is also a high MBH cutoff by log MBH < 8.56 as shown in Fig.1. anyway, just a simple note ;)\
those three objects contribute -> which three objects? (should be more specific?)\
\
Page 10 section 6.2 the 1st paragraph: \
luminosity stellar mass and velocity dispersion -> luminosity, stellar mass, and velocity dispersion\
\
Page 11 the penultimate paragraph:  \
more uncertainty that local estimates -> more uncertainty than local estimates \
\
Table 5 and Figure 12 are not cited in the text.}